european mercenaries including irishman
william garan and spaniard pero tovar
travel to china during the reign of the
song dynasty's renzong emperor
searching for the secret to gunpowder a
few miles north of the great wall
they are attacked by a monster only
garen and tovar survive
they sever the monster's arm and bring
it with them
upon reaching the wall they are taken
prisoner by soldiers of the nameless
order
led by general xiao and strategist huang
the nameless order exists to combat
alien monsters called tautai
which arrived from a meteorite and
attack once every 60 years
while examining the severed monster arm
the orders commanders are surprised by
the monster's first assault
which has come one week early shortly
after
a horde of tautai assails the wall both
sides sustain heavy losses before the
monster's queen
aborts the attack during the battle
garin
and tovar are freed by ballard another
european who came east 25 years earlier
in search of gunpowder
detained he now serves as an english and
latin teacher
garen and tovar display amazing battle
skills saving the life of young warrior
penguin
then slaying two monsters earning them
the order's respect
the three europeans secretly planned to
steal gunpowder and flee during the next
monster attack
[Music]
so
that night two tautai reached the top of
the wall
general chao is killed placing commander
lin in charge of the nameless order
[Music]
around this time an envoy from the
capital arrives with an ancient scroll
which suggests that the monsters are
pacified by magnets
wong believes the stone garan carries
enabled him to slay the taotai he fought
at the cave
to test the hypothesis garen suggests
they capture a tautai alive and agrees
to help
this delays his escape plans angering
tovar
who nevertheless assists garen despite
ballard's protests
during the next attack the tautai are
numerous enough to cause lin to resort
to using arrows equipped with black
powder
whose capabilities had been kept secret
from the westerners until now
they capture a living taotai and prove
the theory
however the imperial envoy claims the
monster and takes it to the capital to
present to the emperor
a tunnel is discovered at the base of
the wall the previous attacks had been a
distraction so that the tautai could dig
the tunnel
at the capital the envoy presents the
captive tautai to the emperor and his
entourage
but it awakens and reveals its position
to its queen who signals the taotai to
attack
the order rushes to the capital lynn
orders the use of hot-air balloons
and sets garen free before leaving wang
tells him to warn the outside world
but garen boards the last balloon with
pang and wang
they arrive just in time to save lin
from being devoured
they land in the emperor's palace where
wang proposes killing the queen by tying
explosives to the captured taotai and
giving it meat to be delivered to the
queen
while approaching the site a horde of
tautai attacked the band
and peng sacrifices himself to save the
others
after releasing the taotai lin and garen
climb a tower so that garen can detonate
the explosives with an arrow wong
sacrifices himself to buy time for lin
and garen to reach the upper floors
two of garen's arrows are deflected by
the tautai queen's bodyguards
but garen throws the magnet into the
horde
[Music]
creating a gap in the shields allowing
lynn's spear to get through
the queen is killed and the rest of the
horde is paralyzed
[Music]
with the threat eliminated garen is
allowed to return home and elects to
take tovar
whom the nameless order recaptured with
him instead of a reward of black powder
much to tovar's annoyance